PostgreSQL: Support PGPASSFILE by making password optional (#108856)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/postgres/configure/_index.md

**Authentication section:**

| Setting               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Username              | Enter the username used to connect to your PostgreSQL database.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | Password              | Enter the password used to connect to the PostgreSQL database. If a password is not specified and your PostgreSQL is configured to request a password, datas urce will look for a [standard PostgreSQL password file](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/libpq-pgpass.html). |

Reviewer: Let's fix this and then we are good.
```suggestion
| Password              | Enter the password used to connect to the PostgreSQL database. If a password is not specified and your PostgreSQL is configured to request a password, data source will look for a [standard PostgreSQL password file](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/libpq-pgpass.html). |
```
